# CS305

Artemis Financial is a consulting company that develops individualized financial plans, such as savings, retirement, investments, and insurance for its customers. The company wants to modernize its operations by using the latest and most effective software security to protect the organization from external threats. When I identified my client’s software security vulnerabilities it allowed me to identify the different flaws or weaknesses and what was needed to resolve the issue, if possible. It is important to code securely to prevent data breaches from unauthorized users while protecting sensitive data. Software security adds value to the company’s overall well-being by assuring customers that that personal data or sensitive data is safe from data breaches. The part of the vulnerability assessment that was helpful was the examples of the dependency check plugins that were easy to copy and paste with my code. To increase layers of security multi-factor authentication can be implemented and using data encryption. In the future, to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques are appropriate I would use vulnerability scanning tools. I made certain the code and software were functional and secure through code review. After refactoring the code, I used static code analysis tools to check to see if I introduced new vulnerabilities. I used resources from learning modules, vulnerability scanning tools, and code/peer review that would be helpful in future assignments or tasks. I can show my future employers vulnerability assessment report which demonstrates my skills and knowledge in software security.
